 Not as much a proper house as they are a monastic order. House Marrow is made up entirely of kenku living in several monasteries away from the rest of the world, deep in the mountains. These monasteries are segregated by sex, and each member is a celibate, this means their only means of replenishing their numbers is to recruit from outside. Kenku from other houses who tire of politics or simply don’t fit in at home run away to House Marrow and swear fealty to them, taking their vows and never returning. The other houses don’t like that sometimes their members defect, but also are bound by honor not to overtly move against House Marrow. Additionally, the houses sometimes even use them as a way to get rid of troublesome acolytes they don’t want to deal with. House Marrow is dedicated to a specific sect of their religion which differs greatly on many issues, the main branch of the religion is called (Sundism, the sound of a thundercrack over a mountain.) house Marrow’s offshoot is called (mendism, the sound of wood being carved). They are dedicated to curing their race’s curse of imitation, believing it to be something their god challenged them with overcoming. They refer to their members as bellhands, and dedicate their lives to studying and meditating on the divine and their condition. The house also has their own language for communicating with one another, which is an organised conlang made up of bells, wind chimes and other similar sounds. This language is entirely kenku, as opposed to the mix of sounds and borrowed words the rest of their race uses.

- snow-under-feet: the aging House Morrow roost mother, she is currently under a vow of silence as an experiment to see how it affects her communication skills. Speaks only to her aide/bodyguard Stone-skips-water via telepathy. 55 years old, ascendant mystic. Pacifist, wants kenku to focus on enlightenment, thinks wars are uncivilized.
    
- twig-under-hoof: the Marrow roostfather, terrified of being wiped out by the firbolg, main goal is preserving the peace and allowing a future for the kenku race. 48 years old, no combat experience.