Kenku stand between 4-51/2 feet tall. They are flightless, yet feel an instinctive rush of joy when seeing the world from up high as if they were born to fly. Their memories are borderline eidetic, capable of learning and copying information in a fraction of the time many other races would take. this helps greatly with their language, which is traditionally made up of a combination of goblin words and sounds they have heard to communicate, as they can only imitate sounds they have heard before.

part of this high capacity for memorisation is a fundamental lack of lateral thinking and creativity. Kenku struggle greatly with solving problems they have not been taught about or conceiving of new ideas.  Kenku only live to 60 at most, not because their bodies fail but because their minds crumble, slowly growing untethered from reality. this is considered a gift and its thought their connection to the divine, magic and the world strengthens as this occurs, however they loose their lucidity and grip on reality over time, until they fall into a deep sleep and their body shuts itself down as if on command.

Kenku bodies are efficient and wiry, evolved to survive lean winters on the mountainside. they have highly dextrous beaks and claws, and disciplined minds. what they lack in brawn or versatility they make up for in generations of passed down skills and animal cunning.

They worship the god of wisdom who I don't know the name of, and have two different denominations of their religion, which have differing viewpoints on why they are like this.
- the orthodox Sundist, the sound of a thundercrack over a mountain branch believe that they were made this was on purpose as a gift, and that they are uniquely made to preserve order, knowledge and tradition.
- the reformist Mendist, the sound of wood being carved church (made up entirely of house Marrow and a scarce few quiet convertees in other houses) believe that their race was in fact cursed with flightlessness and inflexibility. They think that overcoming their perceived limitations is their primary purpose.